Monthly Cost:
-------------
Happy path scenarios:
1.Verify user is able to enter more than one decimal point in Interest rate (%) field
2.Verify user is able to select the values from the Mortgage period (years) dropdown field
3.Verify user is able to enter a value >0 in the Mortgage amount field
4.Verify user is able to enter a value >=0 in the Interest rate (%) field
5.Verify Total cost of mortgage is displayed based on Mortgage amount 
6.Verify Monthly payments is displayed based on Total cost of mortgage % number of months (mortgage period years / 12).
7.Verify user is able to enter more than one decimal point in mortgage amount field
8.verify user is able to enter mortgage amount without a decimal point

Negative scenarios:
1.Verify negative numbers are not allowed in fields Mortgage amount and Interest rate (%)
2.Verify characters or special characters are not allowed in fields Mortgage amount and Interest rate (%)
3.verify if values =0 for Mortgage amount and Interest rate (%),even by choosing value for mortgage period. total cost of mortgage and monthly payments are set to 0

--------------
Maximum loan:
--------------
Happy path scenarios:
1.Verify user is able to enter more than one decimal point in Interest rate (%) field
2.Verify user is able to select the values from the Mortgage period (years) dropdown field
3.Verify user is able to enter a value >0 in the Monthly payments field
4.Verify user is able to enter more than one decimal point in the Monthly payments field
5.Verify user is able to enter a value >=0 in the Interest rate (%) field
6.Verify Total cost of mortgage is displayed based on Mortgage amount 
7.Verify 'You could borrow' is displayed based on inputs of fields

Negative scenarios:
1.Verify negative numbers are not allowed in fields Monthly payments and Interest rate (%)
2.Verify characters or special characters are not allowed in fields Monthly payments and Interest rate (%) 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Below are some requirement clarifications I would ask BA/project manager:

Monthly Cost tab:
- Upto how many decimal points are allowed in Interest rate (%) field?
- Any hard limitations on how many number a user can enter in Mortgage amount field?
- Monthly payments are rounding off to the nearest value?
- Minimum Mortgage period (years) is 10?
- Mortgage amount can be 0?


Maximum loan tab:
- Upto how many decimal points are allowed in Monthly payments field?
- Upto how many decimal points are allowed in Interest rate (%) field?
- Minimum Mortgage period (years) is 10?
- Monthly payments can be 0?


I have automated Monthly Cost happy path scenarios: 1,2,4,5,6 and I would consider automating other scenarios as well 
except entering special characters and negative numbers as the input parameters are currently accepting only positive numbers. 

Note: I have attached screenshots of the test execution against my local machine.